Thank you, everyone. Thank you, thank you so much, everyone. Again, welcome, everyone. Thank you.
Thank you for participating.
Again, we continue to grow the teachings of the Generated Grace Teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni,
and by regularly teaching, they're taught by one of the great masters and teachers in the 40
centuries.
So, this great master taught varieties of teachings, teachings that all tell us how
to practice on the problem of Theravana teachings, all the two very other teachings or Dzokhi
teachings.
Plus, also how to be that good conduct, how to be a bigger person, how to be more kind of friendly,
nice, stay in the body and in a group, more friendly environment, create a harmon in peace world.
So, something which is good for us or one's own sounds good for the others. Also, he's always
give our others instructions of that, in a way, how day-to-day behaving activities of the human
beings, you know, the societies. And the reason in the teaching always says that because when you
have
the good foundation of the human being, he says that is really the very foundation of the Dharma,
Dharma. And from there, then we'll move to the Dharma. And so, what is really this,
the human tradition, a good human tradition is that is the staircase to the enlightenment,
to the deliberations. So, therefore, it's very so important. Again, really all the Buddha's
teaching,
for example, all those Vinaya rules and guidelines is very much best on the human tradition, how to
be good, decent person, so cooperative, kind of more kind of simple or humble, more friendly
environment that really would have taught that is what. And then, it's kind of like more kind of
glorified, more kind of passively pointing out and instructing how to behave of our body, speech,
and then of course, finally his mind. So, that's what really it is. So, all those very similar ways
,
exactly what the great master Bhilashaktami told, as well as Nagarjuna told, and all those great
masters of India, so that's what we're generally taught. But this time, particularly we're going
through is like particularly teaching on how to practice of the only hermitage or the day-to-day
lives. That's what I really like in teaching that if you are very so convinced, very kind of
precisely and all simple, and it's something that not too many, kind of like many pages with books
and all that, but simple so that we can kind of apply that. That's what it is. So, now that in
that we are going, again, of course, we all know that we've been talking, you're also reading all
that book. So, that's it. But again, to do this, and teaching always, always, we reactivate our
beautiful motivation and intention, and that is really now because we start again. It's not just
activating our motivation just now, but we have good practitioners, really, we should do that.
There's always as much as we can do. The day we wake up, the day we go, or time we go to the bed,
bed, which, every day, in the midnight when we wake up, every kind of thing, those that reflect
as much as we can. Then really, we are keeping in the course, and it's so beautiful, so good,
so good, and it's so powerful, and so beneficial. So, that again, of course, particularly when we
're
studying, contemplating, and meditating, practicing, then motivation is so important. So, with
those
understanding, we activate our motivation, and increase the motivation of the joy, and appreciation
,
and the body, and then devotion, all the very other teachings of the beauty. So, with that,
now we go as the one we've kind of summarized, the frame of the His Holiness, our Japanese
teaching, and over three frames, so the first novel, middle novel, and the concluding novel,
and today we are going to go directly to the middle novels. The middle novel is the recording
of each other, and the actualizing of each other, that is the actualizing of each other. Now we are
,
of course, we have the well. You have the beautiful motivation, which was strong as the
ultimate of the intention of each other. Then, now we're going to actualizing of each other,
and the actualizing of each other, there is a numerous way to actualize the body of each other,
but in the teaching, what our teaching says, that all the activities can summarize in this sixth
parameter. The sixth parameter is to summarize all the activities of the bodhisattvas, or bodhicata
.
Bodhicata is activity, bodhisattva practices. That is the sixth parameter. Among the sixth
parameter, today we are going to the third parameter, which is the patient parameter.
And the patient parameter, again, the nature of the patient parameter is not disturbed.
That is the inner teaching, not disturbed. Not disturbed, that is the nature of the
patient parameter, and we can keep up. That is really the nature.
Trouble with that in the teaching says, not replying, replying. That means, not disturbed,
at the same time, not replying, replying. The next one is what in the teaching says,
not holding that ill thoughts, ill thoughts, or what that happened, not holding, letting go. That
is really important. Or, in other words, maybe resentment, not keeping resentment, letting go.
Those are the qualities of the patient, patient. Now the patient itself divided into three,
four three is, as I was translating yesterday, or trying to be four days before yesterday,
first one is, is patient hold the hum doors. Hum doors. All I always sometimes translate it,
never mind. Never mind the attitude of any problems or the trouble that comes. Never
mind attitude. But we also translate it as patient hold the hum doors. In the Tibetan world, what
is
it? Novrila cheme nyambasova. So patient hold the hum door attitude of never mind. That is the
one really is. Novrila cheme nyambasova. Now hum door, when we start, thank you, we all went
yesterday, so I'm not going too much on this, but hum door looks like kind of big and a strong kind
of gigantic hum door. But this hum door, of course that is also hum door. But hum door is something
really also start with simple. Simple. Hum door is both sides, from other out and as well as from
in.
Another word, as I use the word subject and object. Hum door is talking about religion,
it was mind. We started from the fundamental source of the hum door is from the mind.
So therefore every subject is our mind. When that attitude of the ill pope or uncomfortable pope,
or agitations, irritations, or kind of annoyances, when it started, that is the siddling of the
anger. Anger, that is siddling. But every good practitioners, when that arises,
as happening and kept by mindfulness, immediately, immediately trying to liberate it.
What are your technique you use? Whether the techniques of the, of the,
the general brother teachings, or the very inner teachings, or the jokti teachings.
What are your technique? Just really contrivedly eliminated, uprooted. That is the best patient.
That is the best patient. You didn't let it come out, out of control.
That is sign of good practice. Sign of, what for that reason, what a great master,
Patham Bhasanji said, says, if with emotions arising, if immediately kept, or empty thought,
immediately kept that right, that moment, when the emotions arising, that is good practitioners.
That is. But when the emotions, the negative emotions arising, and empty thought, immediately,
then what's the point of the practices? We lost, we lost the identity of the practices.
Practice, we practice the embedded identity of the Buddha teaching, trying to become peaceful.
And that's what in the teaching he said, do not have, not avoid all the negative it is,
and the actual life, practicing all the virtues, display one's own mind. This is the teaching of
the Buddha. So, if somehow we were under the control, manipulations of the negative emotions,
then we become really the weak practitioners, weak practitioners. We didn't. And for those reasons,
great master, Patham Bhasanji said, also in the teaching, said, defining moment of the good
practitioners and not practitioners is when the emotions are arising. Good practitioners will
immediately handle that moment. But weak practitioners, they didn't come out of control.
They didn't have a coordinate duty. It meant mess, mess. So there, this, what's called,
the patience for the harm rules. Patient of the harm, patient of the skilled detectives
of to the, the harm rules of our mental attitude immediately recognized and liberated. That is
excellent. That is the best. Then also patient for the others when they didn't, which means
they not can harm rules from coming from outside day to day our lives. When we talk with our
friends,
family members, also patient. That is what really is teaching. So whether we are outside in the
world,
whether we are inside the house, room, we always, patient is so important. It's true. The weak,
weakness practitioners can't catch that. Always cover when the control, under the control of the
negative emotions. But this is a good practitioner can't catch that. Catch that with my mindfulness
and then immediately it is liberated, liberated. So that is the one that really the, I mean,
is known as patient of that never mind, patient of the never mind attitude for the harm rules.
Whether it's big and small, whatever it is, that try to be more patient. And then as in the
teaching
said, also when that happened, even that happened due to the weakness of practicing, but not
holding
too long, that or that ill thought or resentment thought holding too long, then it is really
spoiled.
Instead that if you can do or if we can do, if we can do according to the teaching,
recognize and feel kind of like some degree of the other that I didn't do the right and whole songs
and do some practice of the various others immediately put in front. That shadow of their
scan and they read this and think, pray to the Buddha's bodhisattvas that never again happened.
Please bless me. I mean this not happened again or I will please bless me that I have the stand
to prevent a liberated right at that moment or right at the source of the moment it arises.
If we do those, those are known as the practicing the dharma, which is very good.
And this patient is again, I said so many times and you all know, patient is the backbone of the
six paramatas. Patient is the backbone of our practices. We need this patient.
Without the patient, we become so feeble, feeble because samsara has so many challenges.
This is not just for one time, a short time that, but that goes on and on. That's why, for example,
the name or title of the bodhisattva practitioner known as bodhisattvas because of this samsara
situation, bravery for the enlightenment. It should become the bravery means courage, confidence,
commitment and never mind attitude, strong and dense and powerful and with the determination.
Then the patient comes really quite good. And so that is my really talk about the first patient.
Patient, which is, is nozila, jimajam bhosoba or patient for the humdulos. That's the fourth one.
Now this second and third are more personal level, more personal personal level instructions
of courage. That means, the person means in this case, the practitioners. We all as practitioners,
we are all follower of the bodhisattvas and the buddhas and bodhisattvas. Therefore, to follow
the body, to follow in the bodhisattvas, then we should have all these next two different patients,
one after another. And this general course, all connected is not something completely different
from each other. But primarily this second and a third is for the practitioners. And the second
is what is known as the patient for the practicing dharma. So that is practicing dharma, the
teaching
of the Buddha or practicing six parabhadhas. So we need patient to do practice of the six parabhad
has.
Or we have to have patient to practice, such as practicing dharma. That also means
we should always bring, advocate, bring the practice of dharma as our, one of the priorities.
When we make the list of the old, our day schedule or live long, live long schedules,
we, what sometimes we call prioritizing, prioritizing. Many times our dharma practice
is almost in the bottom of that. Bottom of that. And how? We say, "Oh, if I have time,
if it's a good time, I'll do the practices." That means, live long, our activity, we're not
really keeping the practice of dharma as one of the priority of the practices. Or even one,
not one of, even one of those. Kind of like, if we make the list, as I said, almost in the bottom,
bottom of that. And then we need to come also in the bottom about how much we spend the time
to the practice. And how much we spend the time for the, all the other chores and our activities.
Again, it's bottom, almost in the bottom, bottom. All our majority part of the time we spend
for, for our samsara, I think activities. Of course, which is important, which is kind of,
don't stay on the front row. So it's important. But it's all in our, even in one day,
dharma practice is in the bottom. Bottom, in just a short time. Many times we're talking
half an hour, people in minutes, 20 minutes, 40 minutes. We're talking, that is. And then
when we're expecting dharma practice, can't we get so many kind of benefits, result willing to get
more than what we spend the time and effort in our heart to the love we like to be.
Or most of the week, become kind of like very kind of mean and elect to get big result by
the practice of the 15 minutes. Big rhythm. This is not exactly. Because we try, what we're doing,
trying to do, practice, according to teaching, we try to reverse our habit patterns.
That's what we're really doing practices. Not just a reversal. We like to purify
our habit patterns of the negative. We have two, I say use that, we have
like spiritual habits and the mundane worldly habits. Among that two, which is more.
We have mundane worldly habits, more than spiritual habit, because we spend more time
for the worldly, concerned. And then, because of that, that is known as ego cleanliness,
self-importance. All those are according Buddhism, it's mundane, it's old, it's samsara.
They are the principal pillar of samsara, or the ego cling is the pillar of the pillar,
the solid pillar of samsara, self-importance. We spend more time to serve the ego cling,
clinging than the egolessness. Or even not maybe mention not even egolessness,
but kind of like more thoughtful, more kind of like sensible to kind of more thought for the others
,
or thinking of all the others. How much really we spend the time? I'm talking about the mentally.
How much we spend the time? If we say like hundred percent, maybe we spend
for the spiritual or the Dharma, maybe only 20 minutes, 10 minutes, the 80 percent, 70 percent
is at mentality of the samsaras. So, therefore, we have loaded,
the loaded, the loaded of the habit dependence of samsara.
If we put in the scale of the habit dependence of the samsara and spiritual habit dependence,
or Dharma habit, if we put in scale, this, that samsara habit, we go up so much,
and the spiritual Dharma habit is so low, it's small, it's just a scale really, just come,
or mostly, complete or mostly like what's called 80 degrees, or 70 degrees, makes it different.
All that happened. So, therefore, this is the one called this samsara is heavy. It's true.
The, our creation of the habit is really bad, heavy. Now, the practice of Dharma, we have to be,
we have to reverse that according to the habit level, as well as our momentarily mental levels,
of moment to moment mental levels, we like to reverse, we like to clean, purify. So, what,
what is that means? That means we like to purify the habit dependence of the all five or six bosons
,
purify ignorance, attachment, anger, jealous, hated thoughts, doubt, and hesitations.
All those, we really like to purify. We like to put more love and kindness, compassion,
and wisdom, joy, and appreciation, kindness, respect, more harmony to those we like to really
bring on more, bring more, the detachment, detachment, opening, we like to put more.
So, to do that, then, that's what we need, the courage and confidence, we need to bash it,
we need to continue bash it. And when we do this, reverse it, don't have any badness,
and purify the habit dependence, it's not always easy. There's so many obstacles, so many headless
comes, one up another, another. Even in short time, if we play it to do the spiritual practice or
Dharma practice, almost many times we have to miss that opportunity, and miss out and do those,
that those, all the other samsarajos, habitus, Japanese. So that is, then, we become the weaknesses
.
Our patience and the commitment is kind of almost a demolition. Therefore, we have to have
really strong courage and commitment, confidence to do practices. This practice is not just for
only short, for this short term purposes. It's not like kind of cleaning up the what's called yard,
or not, it's not just cleaning up the garages, it's cleaning up all our method of so many lifetimes
.
Therefore, we should take more, kind of, strongly and wholehearted way to practice Dharma
and have courage and commitment. Put this, trying to push up this, this practice Dharma
on the kind of our priority, higher and higher, higher and higher, not in the bottom of that
list. List is, and whatever we committed, for example, during the daytime, for example, one hour,
one hour, one hour practice, we committed trying to keep that practices. Practice,
trying to keep that, not just miss out that, miss out and then just kind of jump into something
else,
trying to really maintain that, that is known as commitment. That's why we built up our
systems, traditions, with a line of ourself in that line, which is really according to the teaching
,
is so important. And so, that practice, patient for the practicing of the supreme dharmas.
Then in all the teachings said, what in the, for example, larger level, for example, all those
great masters, masters, even the Buddha, when in order to lead the enlightenment,
it's not just he got, I mean, according to the teaching, Buddha accumulated all the marriages
for three commoners, he becomes the rim, rim, rim of the two accumulations. Accumulation married,
Muslim marriage, completely become rim or the full, full and a complete acolyte. And then he
came in this wall, gone in or take the bird in this wall purposely in order to have the benefit
for all sentient beings. But even though he's that status, but he did six-year ascetic practices,
six-year ascetic practices, he left his beautiful comfortable lives of the love of kings,
life of prince, lives, palace, left and came, went to the root jungles with bare feet, one cloth,
one fabric cloth that he picked up from the, on the, on the site. Many times somebody offered him
that, but he's that such a beautiful, expensive grace that he give up and wear that cloth and
moving in the jungles with bare feet. Feet, that is a big change, what he was and what now he is.
What he did, it is the practice, patient practices of the full discovery of the inner nature of the
enlightenment, for sake of all living beings. After that, he did six years ascetic practices in one
sitting in the Bay of Nerengar Ravens, according to the teaching, for six years.
And there is not much food, not much food. In the teaching, say this part of, first every year or
every day, he had two grains of the grains every day, every day for two years. And last second two
years, drink drops of the waters, waters. And the last two years, even none of, nothing but those
two things, he continued meditating practices. Because his power of the meditation and meditation
pool, nutrition, he kept life. But externally looking, he becomes so thin and so feeble and so,
so kind of completely skinned, skinned and it's almost like skeletons that we see sometimes
illustration or the stage of the Buddha of the six years ascetic practices.
That is why he did that, in order to reach enlightenment, in order to benefit for all living
beings, in order to discover that enlightenment within, not looking, try and get up from outside.
He saw there's no enlightenment going to come from outside. It's subdiscours. Because of that,
he spent halfway. Because his courage and commitment, endeavor and passion, that truly he become
the beacon of the peace and harmonious. No, and beacon of the peace and harmony for all living
beings, not selective guru or human or these and that, the whole living beings. He showed the great
torch of light, light that everyone's truth natures. How we all share the same nature,
same truth, same, doesn't matter whether you are animals, whether you are humans or whatever the
situation, certain physical forms, whatever you have, the basic grown nature is the same.
Those are, he lightened up, the never spoke before. All those teachings, that's what the gracious
teacher, Buddha Shatyamuni did. And Guru Bhema Sambhava is known as the emanation of the Buddha,
emanation of the Buddha Amitabha, the living Buddha Amitabha, and a reincarnation of the
Buddha Shatyamuni that you all, we all know. We all heard that, and we read in the books.
And is it true? That's what every great master says. See, and that even, that way, in this
eight cemeteries, all different cemeteries he practiced and meditated, he received the teachings
with joyful respect fully in a contract with the student or masters and received the teachings.
Humble and a support, same manner of the teacher and the student level. Level, even he's already
enlightened, but it's all hardship in the dual journey for the spiritual realizations
that's demonstrated for the other, such as us, to practice. This is all important. Done. Done.
And then as I said, the great master, in the debate, all those great masters, I mean,
there's so many numbers you all know, maybe I don't know many of those. And many different,
those old great masters, really, in the different schools of Buddhists, how much they practice and
meditate, they treat that realization we honor, we glorify, we cherish. It's not just a cave by
itself at that moment, in one time. This is the walk of the joy in the loving kindness compared
to the one that discovered that those realizations touch all of them. And they need it to be,
for example, life story, malaria. His realization, his hardship, his courage and commitment,
that's how really he discovered that realization. Because of his joy of effort, his passion,
that his willingness of the teacher to spend time and effort and all that put down and went to
mountain to mountain, cave to caves. Those are named as kasas, kasas and all that. He went.
And then great master, in the teachings, again, same thing. He practiced, even though he is
already enlightened, he is highly, highly great. Like he is one of the genius
balsam or the scholars, one of the great scholars in all times and how much he practiced, how much
he really put effort. And that kind of courage and commitment. That shows all this. And in ancient
terms, those great masters who were all cheating to debate, those great oscillators, such as Vero
Jhanas, Namco and Yungko, all that, they went to India at that time. And at that ancient time,
India, and of course, the Indian debate is already confused, but yet, every border is kind of quite
different. Calamity level is very different. Language is very different. Custom is very
different. All that. And it's something in that time, ancient time, going even for the kind of
200 miles away, everyone thinks it's completely kind of alien country. It's a completely unknown
state. They have their post hopes. But Vero Jhanas and all that with great compassion,
great courage went to bring the dharma to the debate back by the witches that are caused by
the kinds of sometimes. Such all those, they really said hard journey. The call, hard journey,
the unknown areas, they went without any maps or without any kind of knowledge too much.
And this is, that is not just only in, but also in China, those great masters, particularly
that great master Hunsang, who went to India to try to go here as a determined to bring the
Buddhism
thought back to China and who went through the same loops that you all know. He wrote beautiful
films, guide books of all the way how he went and he explained every detail when he stopped
our country and all that. So beautiful, really so precise, so clear. And he went
and he returned, he bought all those teachings back. He's one of the great translators or masters
of the China's. I heard that. I mean, this is so many. So these are all unknown areas.
The patience for bringing the dharma or patience for practice dharma. Any increase in realization
or practice dharma. And that we need. We should not always keep dharma. It's a kind of almost
border of our list. We try to push that on the front as much as we can and practice with more
grace, more respect, more this important that. So that is really, that is really about the patience
for them. In a debate, chusar kabti is over. So, patience for the self practice of a hard journey
of the dharma practices. Even that is always convenience for the samsara activity can be not
made. But we have to make that one of the biotic and strong practices which is so important.
And the next patient is then patient for the protonal meaning of the dharma. And that is,
is in a debate, what I say, sammi, kunga, madrapi, zopa. The patient then not scared with the pro
tonal
meaning of the teaching of the Buddha. Protonal meaning of the dharma and not scared.
That is patience. So that means your patience, your courage and commitment, well connected,
maintained with practice, not scared, not become timid and give up. Then if we give up,
what it is, we become the, we are going to the loser. We are losing our goals and we are losing
our promises. We are losing our commitment. When we met commitment, when we took the reference,
we met commitment. We took the reference by thoughtfully and we declared mind,
nobody pushed us, nobody pushed us. And not just only that, we took the reference,
body get among us. Also, we thoughtfully. We said clearly we are going to follow on the,
in the footsteps of the Buddha and you all these others. We will do exactly what you did
to benefit all sentient beings. And now we are lingering it.
That is in the samsara, not in the spiritual. Even in the samsara, when you say something I will do
,
if you didn't do, that is very fishy, fishy that considered in the samsara too. Fishy and not what
they call slickly, slickly or something. That is really do. It's not just in the samsara now,
but that used to be in Asian town too. All countries, standing firm with commitment.
For that reason, the great master said, the noble person don't make too many commitments.
But once they made the commitment, stand firmly with that commitment. As the letter curved in
stone, even the stone breaks, the lines of letter remains the same way. That is known as honor once
.
Considering any standards, it's good. So therefore, we should not be scaled
with teachings. What are the profound meanings? In the Buddha teaching, there are many teachings
that I didn't mention by any other great masters, such as teachings of the interdependent
co-ordinations. Interdependent co-ordinations. No teachers in this world said that, Exhaprabuddha,
interdependent co-ordinations. Tingyen, Devar, Dhulma. What that means, there is no
substantial solid existing anything in the subject level, in the object level.
There is no substantial solid existing level, anything. All are formed as cooperatives.
What all means? All the particles are formed. The cooperatively connected cooperatively formed
what we see. Really, really is a heap of the particles. That even particle itself is a one-on-one
solid. It has so many sub-particles. Particles. So for that reason, it is all. Therefore, it is
changing. It's changing, such as in Parma levels. This is what, again, the great teacher of Buddha
said, in Parma levels. This is not Dhulma. This is not just pure. It is. Everything is changing
because everything is forming. Everything is changing. Everything is transforming.
To tell that Sirulma clearly, what the great teacher said, related truth is all a dream life,
magic life, bubble life, reflection moon in the water life.
Not many teachers said before like that. This is all. When we heard all this dream life,
all this bubble life, all this reflection life, all those image, mirror image life,
and we see that. When we heard this, "Oh, how that come? I don't really, I don't so I can
understand
that meanings." Then we become immediately kind of timid, timid. But reality, that is the way.
It didn't mean it's not going to function. Everything going to function exactly as it,
but it means that no substantial soul exists of this relative is all in that.
And then, absolutely, what they said is emptiness.
Emptiness. There's nothing substantially existing. Emptiness. So probably, where,
where is the villages arising? Prove that emptiness. In a way, the forming is a cooperative things.
These all are known as performed meanings. Performed meanings of the teachings.
That is what I told, egolessiness. It's true. Again. And we think there is something that
exists the egos. There is no such egos. Every single image is getting analyzed with
analytical ways. Or maybe modern machine is also back to those couple of levels too.
And we're trying to find anything that ego. It's nothing. Where we're holding the ego,
in the teaching hallways, we hold the ego because of the continuity of these aggregates,
and, and as well as there's a combination of the aggregate, then we see what continuity means.
Continued from the time we are conserved from the mother's womb, and until now, I mean,
until we die, it's continuing something this outer gets. And then these are not just the
one is continuity, it's a combination. All the outer gets, all the pieces, but even the particle,
what we extracted, the limb, the hand, the finger, and head, and all these things, bone, and
muscles,
what I mean, it's all corporate. Each of these will look, it's just all so many things,
formed. So we kind of, we don't always get it in our life, kind of blindly, we're talking, oh,
ah, you owe me like that. Of course, we can name. That is nothing wrong. But there is no
substantial solid existence. Ah, all the egos, standing firmly, solid stones. It's not outside
of our body, not inside of our body. We, when there's no, I mean, it's nothing really.
So those are the profound meaning of the teachings, not scared.
Not scared. Then there is a more profound teaching, what is what I talk,
such as in the very early teachings, all the five outer gets are five male buddhas,
and the five elements are five human buddhas. We don't see that now, right now. No. But that's
the religious realities. Buddha said what? Said, when will we pull out, or when we pull out our
cataracts of the dualities, dualities, that moment we begin to see that everything is enlightened
status. Until that we won't see, but every again, begin to scale with that. Oh, how that can come,
how that can be my body. All the aggregates are like buddhas and all these things kind of,
we have big notions of the between Buddha and ourself, but such as like, kind of almost like
skies in the dome to the earth, attitude, or the blue sky up in these many hundred thousand
miles away in the dome that, but reality is within all the same, is only the discovery that.
So those are known as profound meanings, not scared with the profound meaning of the teaching
and the observing and and actualizing it. And of course, you can always get analyzed.
That religious teacher, Buddha himself said, said, you can always get analyzed. You should analyze
that. You can analyze all that, study and align the meditative practices. So those are known as
very briefly about the patient for the profound meaning of the, the dance. And that is then
the kind of pretty much we got with the, with the meaning of the patient, patient parabhadhas,
chant parabhadhas. How to increase the patient parabhadam in a teaching said, then to activate it
more, wishing both each other, whole, boneless, whole, boneless practices, and do the meditations
as much as you can meditate. And in the end, do the aspiration and dedication prayers. Each time
when you're able to do the patient practices, as we went those one after another, immediately when
you recognize, able to, to recognize and do the patient practices, the parabhadam practices,
immediately kind of dedicated that merit and wish that to benefit all the sentient beings.
And also by the blessings of the Buddha's, the bodhisattva, may I perform the patient parabhadam
practices, completely performed, parabhadam performed. And whatever the merit is, I dedicated
that for all sentient beings. May I become the one of the great, like may I become the one of the
great bodhisattvas, such as like Mejushiri, Vaitya Pani, Terezi, the Arya Mejira, all those like
that,
bodhisattva, really praying those things. Always in the teaching said it will increase and activate
any parabhadas. Whatever you pray for that, it will help with that. So that is my brief talk
for today. And thank you again. Thank you. We completed our patient parabhadam practices,
which is very tough and very important. It is really like, as, like, as I said, is backbone
of the old parabhadam practices. And so thank you again for very much. And then we continue
tomorrow. Thank you again for your participation. And again, thank you.